docs: avoid undefined pronouns. (#245)
zapatacomputing/orquestra-workflow-sdk: docs/guides/workflow-syntax.rst

Returning workflow outputs
--------------------------

> Any variable returned by the workflow function is a workflow result, and will be returned via ``orq get workflow-run-results``.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: it's unrelated to this PR, but I've noticed the CLI invocation is out of date

```suggestion
Any variable returned by the workflow function is a workflow result, and will be returned via ``orq wf results``.
```
